[GOOD LUCK COCO]
[history of belgium]
Hi Maya!
Oh hey.
May I ask you something?
Where do you sit during break, Maya?
Who are your friends, Maya?
Why does your bed creak at night, Maya?
I-I-I have, uh...
...Parkinson's.
What?
I asked if you wanted to work together with us...
Well...
..our presentations need to be finished in 2 hours...
...and we were wondering if we could help you out...
...especially now with your Parkinson's...
I don't have Parkinson's.
You don't have Parkinson's.
I know.
You are a healthy, lively...
....autist.
I don't have autism, I have A-D-D!
Wow, ADD!
What does that stand for?
*sigh*
It's English, for-
Autism Denial Disorder?
Attention Deficit Disorder!
I have a hard time concentrating!
Oh dear. Is that curable?
*bad Belgian accent*
Yes, [amai] in a concentration camp!
I'm Maya and I'm a Belgian!
And how can MYMY and I make sure...
...that you won't be distracted in the next 2 hours?
What is her motive?
Why does she try to involve me with everything?
Does she need something from me?
Is she conspiring with someone?
Or...
...does she honestly believe it would be...
...fun to be with-
No, that's impossible.
She just doesn't believe I can do it by myself.
Well, in that case...
...there is only one way to prove otherwise.
W-well Maya...
...you did it!
[YOU WON]
It took twelve tries, but-
Oh no.
Oh no!
Oh no...
Hello!
Don't mind me it's only me
See right through me
I'd much rather die than go out
So please leave me alone
Don't perceive me
It's only me
THIS PART WAS MADE POSSIBLE BY
more ongezellig?
petje.af/ongezellig